# tf keras preprocessing image imagedatagenerator

- Write a code to instantiate an ImageDataGenerator object.
- Write a code to set the rescaling factor of an ImageDataGenerator object to 1./255.
- Write a code to set the rotation range of an ImageDataGenerator object to 45 degrees.
- Write a code to set the width shift range of an ImageDataGenerator object to 0.2.
- Write a code to set the height shift range of an ImageDataGenerator object to 0.2.
- Write a code to set the shear range of an ImageDataGenerator object to 0.2.
- Write a code to set the zoom range of an ImageDataGenerator object to [0.8, 1.2].
- Write a code to set the horizontal flip mode of an ImageDataGenerator object to True.
- Write a code to set the vertical flip mode of an ImageDataGenerator object to True.
- Write a code to set the brightness range of an ImageDataGenerator object to [0.5, 1.5].
- Write a code to set the channel shift range of an ImageDataGenerator object to 20.
- Write a code to set the fill mode of an ImageDataGenerator object to 'nearest'.
- Write a code to set the data format of an ImageDataGenerator object to 'channels_first'.
- Write a code to set the preprocessing function of an ImageDataGenerator object to a custom function.
- Write a code to generate augmented images using an ImageDataGenerator object.
- Write a code to save augmented images generated by an ImageDataGenerator object to a directory.
- Write a code to generate augmented images and labels using an ImageDataGenerator object.
- Write a code to generate augmented images and labels from a directory using an ImageDataGenerator object.
- Write a code to generate augmented images and labels from a dataframe using an ImageDataGenerator object.
- Write a code to visualize augmented images generated by an ImageDataGenerator object.
- Write a code to generate augmented images and apply featurewise center normalization using an ImageDataGenerator object.
- Write a code to generate augmented images and apply featurewise standardization using an ImageDataGenerator object.
- Write a code to generate augmented images and apply samplewise center normalization using an ImageDataGenerator object.
- Write a code to generate augmented images and apply samplewise standardization using an ImageDataGenerator object.
- Write a code to generate augmented images and randomly apply one of multiple preprocessing functions using an ImageDataGenerator object.
- Write a code to apply random transformations to a single image using an ImageDataGenerator object.
- Write a code to apply random transformations to a batch of images using an ImageDataGenerator object.
- Write a code to apply random transformations to an image tensor using an ImageDataGenerator object.
- Write a code to set the validation split ratio of an ImageDataGenerator object to 0.2.
- Write a code to set the subset mode of an ImageDataGenerator object to 'validation'.
- Write a code to set the interpolation mode of an ImageDataGenerator object to 'bicubic'.
- Write a code to set the dtype of augmented images generated by an ImageDataGenerator object to 'float32'.
- Write a code to set the save to dir parameter of an ImageDataGenerator object to a custom directory.
- Write a code to set the save prefix parameter of an ImageDataGenerator object to a custom prefix.
- Write a code to set the save format parameter of an ImageDataGenerator object to 'jpeg'.
- Write a code to set the follow links parameter of an ImageDataGenerator object to True.
- Write a code to set the subset parameter of an ImageDataGenerator object to 'training'.
- Write a code to set the shuffle parameter of an ImageDataGenerator object to True.
- Write a code to set the seed parameter of an ImageDataGenerator object to a custom seed value.
- Write a code to set the color mode parameter of an ImageDataGenerator object to 'grayscale'.
- Write a code to set the preprocessing function to apply per channel of an ImageDataGenerator object to a custom function.
- Write a code to set the interpolation order for resampling of an ImageDataGenerator object to 3.
- Write a code to set the dtype for the output images of an ImageDataGenerator object to 'uint8'.
- Write a code to set the samplewise center parameter of an ImageDataGenerator object to True.
- Write a code to set the samplewise std normalization parameter of an ImageDataGenerator object to True.
- Write a code to set the zca whitening parameter of an ImageDataGenerator object to True.
- Write a code to set the validation steps parameter of an ImageDataGenerator object to a custom value.
- Write a code to set the normalization statistics computed over the training data of an ImageDataGenerator object.
- Write a code to set the rescale factor for input images of an ImageDataGenerator object to 2.
- Write a code to set the number of threads to use for image preprocessing of an ImageDataGenerator object to a custom value.